# SUGGESTIONS ON GETTING DATA for AI tree
	Conduct survey or questionaire in community or find data online


#Possible Questions To Ask:

On a scale of 1-5...
How hardworking do others view you?
How hardworking do you view yourself?
How efficient have you been at completing HW?
How easily do you get distracted?
How well does snack breaks work for you?
How well does a power nap work for you?


On a scale of 1-5 in terms of truthfulness...
I have a busy scheduele
I procrastinate a lot
I feel good after completing work
I live off rewards to motivate me
I can focus on work for 2 hours easily
I cram for my tests 
I do well regardless of cramming or not
Majority of my classes are test based
I enjoy school
I'm an early bird
My scheduele and efficiency depends on my mood
I think walks help me clear my mind
I'm sleep deprived (under 5 hours) on weekdays and I recuperate on weekends


-------------------------------

#Processing these questions

Different Categories (Questions would belong to certain categories and thus go under that categorie's point system for AI tree)
	Willpower
	Reward
	Workload
	Focus/Thinking Mode

-------------------------------

#Basics

1. Create a bubble in sheet (using Gui and checkboxes)
	Initial: just Day 1
	Later: Changes each time its opened (assume daily)

2. Processing Responses
	***Overall, Coming up with the Point System and the AI tree wiil be the first step for this part of the project***
	Initial (simple point system)
	Later (more complex AI tree to determine what kind of person they are and try to modify scheduele accordingly)

3. Display suggested Scheduele in text document (maybe search for better format if time)

4. Allow for Accounts by organizing individual data into certain sections in the text document (set username and pw to view, but only do if time)

------------------------------

#Possible Methods and Components

*Set Method---Store arraylist of responses to each category, based on how that change, we propose and modify

*Set Method---matches UserName such that responses will only create modification in certain section

*Set Method---change textfield to display results after processing

*Constructor---Schedule (and if time, create suggestion notes at bottom)
	Default- Limited boxes and activities
	Later- take in parameters such as #activities and etc...

*NonStatic Processing Methods
	Point System
		Create based on how general people work with certain values
	AI tree (only do this after point system is in place)
		This part might take long time and is very prone to crashes

*Possible Static Method
	Just for fun, we can make pop ups that reward the User 



	
	


